"INTEL CONFIDENTIAL
Copyright (February 2011) Intel Corporation All Rights Reserved.

The source code contained or described herein and all documents
related to the source code ("Material") are owned by Intel Corporation
or its suppliers or licensors. Title to the Material remains with
Intel Corporation or its suppliers and licensors. The Material may
contain trade secrets and proprietary and confidential information of
Intel Corporation and its suppliers and licensors, and is protected by
worldwide copyright and trade secret laws and treaty provisions. No
part of the Material may be used, copied, reproduced, modified,
published, uploaded, posted, transmitted, distributed, or disclosed in
any way without Intel’s prior express written permission.  No
license under any patent, copyright, trade secret or other
intellectual property right is granted to or conferred upon you by
disclosure or delivery of the Materials, either expressly, by
implication, inducement, estoppel or otherwise. Any license under such
intellectual property rights must be express and approved by Intel in
writing.

Include any supplier copyright notices as supplier requires Intel to use.

Include supplier trademarks or logos as supplier requires Intel to
use, preceded by an asterisk. An asterisked footnote can be added as
follows: *Third Party trademarks are the property of their respective
owners.

Unless otherwise agreed by Intel in writing, you may not remove or
alter this notice or any other notice embedded in Materials by Intel
or Intel’s suppliers or licensors in any way."

-------------------------------------------------
Overview of mt-testing Directory Structure
-------------------------------------------------

At the top level we have:

Benchmarks/     The set of concurrency bug benchmarks collected over the 
                course of this project.  Check out Benchmarks/README for 
                many more details.

Experiments/    Sketches and analysis results from various incarnations of the                 tool.  Some folders are just named the date the experiment
                took place, others are more descriptive.
    
Misc/           Never used this so it should be empty.

Papers/         A collection of the various presentations and papers
                written/accumulated throughout the internship.

Sources/        The implementation of the various pintools and analysis
                programs developed over the course of internship.  Some 
                are deprecated, others are actively a component of Somniac.

